Revised docs for adding an OCP source using cost-mgmt-operator (#48)
project-koku/koku-doc: downstream/modules/installing_ocp_prerequisites.adoc

*On your OpenShift cluster*

* OpenShift Container Platform 4.3
* Cost Management Operator
////
+

> The Cost Management Operator is not deployed out of the box in OpenShift Container Platform. See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/metering/metering-installing-metering.html[Installing Metering] in the OpenShift documentation for instructions to install the Operator from OperatorHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cost Management Operator is not deployed out of the box in OpenShift Container Platform. See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/html/metering/installing-metering[Installing Metering] in the OpenShift documentation for instructions to install the Operator from OperatorHub.
```

If you search "Metering" on https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/
You will find it under **Manage**.

This is the index page.
https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/html/metering/index

+ 

> See https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html#cli-installing-cli_cli-developer-commands[Installing the CLI] in the _OpenShift documentation_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/html/cli_tools/openshift-cli-oc#installing-the-cli[Installing the CLI] in the _OpenShift documentation_.
```

Under "Reference" https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/ you will find "CLI Tools"

https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.3/html/cli_tools/index
